a is preparing to bury her husband and
her
son but it's not the first time she has
lost loved ones to Israeli attacks in
this
war they bombed our house at the
beginning of the war and 10 people were
mared five of them were my children
wives of my sons and my
grandchildren this is the human cost of
Israel war on Gaza pain
suffering
Despair and a site that has become too
familiar to Gaza population a
funeral in an area that was supposed to
be the last safe place for Palestinians
people here find themselves surrounded
by intense Israeli
bombardment there's no safe
place they slaughter
jaia safety is only with God
from and now Israeli troops on the
ground in recent days Israeli forces
have pushed deeper into Rafa despite
International
condemnation and as the Israeli Army
prepares to expand its military
Maneuvers in Gaza Southmost City 600,000
people have fled the area to places like
here in Dar balah H Mahmud Al jaaz deah
City Palestine
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jazer